For the code review, we met up during in a Zoom meeting and decided to review the whole JavaScript file because it wasn't too hard. We used the walkthrough process, as most of us were already familiar with the code
and we could facilitate discussion pretty easily. We used the document-driven way to conduct the walkthrough, and just started at the beginning of the JavaScript file and moved around the methods as they were called.
We performed this code review after most of our project was completed, so we could find as many end-game bugs as possible. We didn't need test cases as most of the code we had written already had test cases, and 
we just ran them as we reviewed our code. This code review took us a significant amount of time, we spent around 2 hours reviewing the one file. Because our project was top-down functional decomposition and was
component-level design, it was easy to review the software. This review was advantageous to our team because we found a good amount of bugs, which would not have been found if we hadn't done the code review. Also,
these bugs were found pretty early, so we could change them easily without changing most of the HTML or CSS code. We recorded all 5 bugs stated below this text, and then proceeded to fix them later on, because 
we knew some correct items may be flagged as faoults and it is also inefficient to wait for someone to fix a bug when they could do that later. The only con to reviewing the whole JavaScript file was that it took a lot of time, and for a project as small as this one, we realized that this type
of review was not feasible for very large projects. Another advantage that we had was we already had reviewed most of Project 3's code base before. So, we could skip over some parts of the new project because we
used some parts of Project 3 in Project 4.  Some of the bugs that we found are listed below:

Bug 1:
    Date reported: Nov. 16
    Reported by: Andrew Brown
    Description: Buttons don't render for some plant types
    Who fixed it: Drew Fink
    How it was fixed: Fixed CSS reference to graphics

Bug 2:
    Reported by: Andrew Brown
    Description: Soil type returns undefined
    Who fixed it: Drew Fink
    How it was fixed: Moved plant value generation to constructor

Bug 3:
    Reported by: Truman Klenklen
    Description: Water shortage event does not function properly
    Who fixed it: Drew Fink
    How it was fixed: Reset "timesWatered" every day

Bug 4:
    Reported by: Truman Klenklen
    Description: Changing soil underflows action points
    Who fixed it: Andrew Brown
    How it was fixed: Add action point check on change soil method

Bug 5:
    Reported by: Drew Fink
    Description: Game message loops infinitely after day 40. 
    Who fixed it: Drew Fink
    How it was fixed: Changed the loop statement to make sure it didn't infinitely loop.



