Our plan for maintenance will be not only fixing bugs, but also implementing new aspects of the game.
For fixing bugs, since the game is not in heavy depth, there will only need to be one worker to maintain the game. This person can either be paid to work every day and test for defects as preventative maintenance, or he can only work when a defect is detected by someone and perform corrective maintenance.
For preventative maintenance, it would be reasonable to pay the user $50/day for the work they perform. For a 5 day work week this would average to be $250/week and $13000/year before taxes and if they work every week of the year.
for corrective maintenance, we would pay the worker $250 per bug fix, where the total pay would depend on how many bugs arise.
The other maintenance we would work on post-implementation would be additional aspects of the game. These aspects include a difficulty selector as well as a score calculator and leaderboard.
The difficulty selector would prompt you at the beginning of the game if you want to play in easy, medium, or hard difficulty. This difficulty change would affect how many action points you have, the rate the water and sun levels change, and the amount/frequency of random events.
The costs that would arise from this would be paying the workers to develop the code. For this, we would pay the workers $20/hr at an estimated time frame of 2 work weeks. For 2 workers the total cost would end up being $4000.
For the score calculator and leaderboard, this would require code addition as well as a public server that would store the scores of all the users. The score would be based on the sun and water levels of all the plants when the game is won and the score would be added to the leaderboard where you can compare with others.
This leaderboard will be stored on a server which would cost $2000, along with an estimated $50/month to power. For the development this would take an estimated one week of work at $20/hr for one worker, equaling $800.
